---
layout: standard
title: Documentation
wrap_title: "Filter: avfilter.noise"
category: plugin
---
* TOC
{:toc}

## Plugin Information

title: noise  
media types:
Video  
description: Add noise.  
version: Lavfi7.16.100  
creator: libavfilter maintainers  

## Parameters

### av.all_seed

  
description:
set component #0 noise seed  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: -1  
default: -2147483648  

### av.all_strength

  
description:
set component #0 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.alls

  
description:
set component #0 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.all_flags

  
description:
set component #0 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.allf

  
description:
set component #0 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c0_seed

  
description:
set component #0 noise seed  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: -1  
default: -2147483648  

### av.c0_strength

  
description:
set component #0 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c0s

  
description:
set component #0 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c0_flags

  
description:
set component #0 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c0f

  
description:
set component #0 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c1_seed

  
description:
set component #1 noise seed  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: -1  
default: -2147483648  

### av.c1_strength

  
description:
set component #1 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c1s

  
description:
set component #1 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c1_flags

  
description:
set component #1 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c1f

  
description:
set component #1 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c2_seed

  
description:
set component #2 noise seed  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: -1  
default: -2147483648  

### av.c2_strength

  
description:
set component #2 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c2s

  
description:
set component #2 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c2_flags

  
description:
set component #2 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c2f

  
description:
set component #2 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c3_seed

  
description:
set component #3 noise seed  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: -1  
default: -2147483648  

### av.c3_strength

  
description:
set component #3 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c3s

  
description:
set component #3 strength  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
maximum: 100  
default: 0  

### av.c3_flags

  
description:
set component #3 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.c3f

  
description:
set component #3 flags  
type: string  
readonly: no  
required: no  
format: flags  
values:  

* a
* p
* t
* u

### av.threads

  
description:
Maximum number of threads  
type: integer  
readonly: no  
required: no  
minimum: 0  
default: 0  

